Privacy Policy
Klipnot created the Avoid blocks application as a paid application. This service is provided by Klipnot for a fee and is intended to be used as is.

This page is used to inform site visitors about my rules for collecting, using and disclosing Personal Information if someone chooses to use my Service.

If you decide to use my Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are available in Avoid blocks, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Collection and use of information

For more convenient use of our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personal information, including access to the file (ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION), but not limited to this. The information I request is stored on your device and is not collected at all by me.

The application uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Service Providers

I can hire third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:

To facilitate our service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
Provide services; or
To help us analyze how our Service is used.
I want to inform the users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they must not disclose or use information for any other purposes.

Security

I appreciate your trust in providing us with your personal information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable ways to protect it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% safe and reliable, and I can not guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you periodically review this page for any changes. I will inform you of any changes by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes take effect immediately after their publication on this page.

To contact us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

email: deathsphed@gmail.com
